Create an affordable price, just for you
Introducing the State Farm® Personal Price Plan®
Explore our insurance products
Vehicle
Property Home & Property
Personal
Business Small Business
Discounts for days
When you personalize your protection, we’ll also help you find ways to save with a variety of options.
Bundle auto and renters
On average, customers save up to $834 when they bundle auto & renters insurance. 1
You can also combine the purchase of a homeowners , condo , or life insurance policy with auto insurance. 2
Bundle auto and renters
On average, customers save up to $834 when they bundle auto & renters insurance. 1
You can also combine the purchase of a homeowners , condo , or life insurance policy with auto insurance. 2
Auto discounts & savings
See the choices State Farm offers with vehicle insurance. Like savings up to 30% 3 with Drive Safe & Save® or up to 20% 4 for safe-driving young adults with Steer Clear® .
Auto discounts & savings
See the choices State Farm offers with vehicle insurance. Like savings up to 30% 3 with Drive Safe & Save® or up to 20% 4 for safe-driving young adults with Steer Clear® .
Property discounts & savings
Explore the options State Farm offers with homeowners insurance from bundling 2 and home protection devices to roofing material or wind mitigation discounts.
Property discounts & savings
Explore the options State Farm offers with homeowners insurance from bundling 2 and home protection devices to roofing material or wind mitigation discounts.
Reasons you can count on State Farm
Since 1922, we’ve been working hard to help better protect you and those you love. We think our numbers reflect that care.
$1,356
That’s how much you could save if you choose to personalize your bundle with State Farm. 1
96 million +
We’re already helping a lot of your neighbors, providing insurance and financial service products on more than 96 million policies and accounts.
19,000 agents
Every policy comes with a dedicated agent. If you need a hand, your State Farm agent is ready to help.
We’re in the business of helping
Talk with a State Farm agent about creating a Personal Price Plan to help you save money and help protect you and your loved ones.
A legacy of protection
We’ve always taken a future-forward approach to developing or offering products and solutions to meet your ever-changing needs. That’s truer today than ever before.
Help protect your business
Explore the wide range of products to help defend what you worked so hard to build.
Bank on it
Meet third-party products that allow you to bank when, where, and how you want.
Plan for your future
Get a head start with mutual funds, annuities, educational savings and retirement planning.
It’s simple to take care of all things insurance
We made it easy to access information and get stuff done with an account online or in our State Farm app.
Pay a bill or schedule a payment
Find and save your insurance cards
Change cars or specific coverages
File claims and track their status
Dig into policy details
Scan to download
Good neighbors, better world
State Farm goes beyond insurance to help you and your space.
Community
Working to bring communities closer together.
Environment
Striving to be more planet friendly.
Knowledge
Insights we've gathered from over 100 years.
Careers
Join the team and learn how you can become a good neighbor.
Have questions? Call 800-STATEFARM
1 Average annual per household savings based on a 2024 national survey by State Farm of new policyholders who reported savings by switching to State Farm.
2 Customers may always choose to purchase only one policy, but the discount for two or more purchases of different lines of insurance will not then apply. Savings, discount names, percentages, availability and eligibility may vary by state.
3 Discounts may exceed 30% and vary state-to-state (NY capped at 30%). Not available in CA, MA, RI. Setup required.
4 Discounts and their availability may vary by state and eligibility requirements. Not all vehicles or drivers are eligible for discounts.
5 2024 Hermes Creative Awards Gold Winner: Mobile App, Mobile Info Experience.
Prices are based on rating plans that may vary by state. Coverage options are selected by the customer, and availability and eligibility may vary.
Deposit products offered by U.S. Bank National Association. Member FDIC.
Neither State Farm nor its agents provide tax or legal advice.
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
statefarm.com® search results powered by Microsoft Bing (Microsoft Privacy Statement)

Small Business
Small Business
Commercial Auto
Commercial auto insurance
Our commercial auto insurance provides coverage options to help protect you and your employees when you’re on the road for business.
What is commercial auto insurance?
Commercial auto insurance covers the company-owned or leased vehicles you use for business. It can help pay the cost of repairs, legal fees in certain circumstances and medical bills when there’s a covered accident involving you or one of your drivers. State Farm® offers coverage for a variety of vehicle types including cars, pickup trucks, box trucks, flatbeds, farm vehicles and vans.
Who needs commercial auto insurance?
If you or your employees drive for business, you could want commercial auto insurance. State Farm often covers vehicles used by:
Artisan and service contractors
Farmers and ranchers
Florists
Caterers
Contact a State Farm agent to see how commercial auto insurance can work for your business.
Drive Safe & Save® Business
Join Drive Safe & Save Business for an easy way to manage your employee drivers’ behaviors and help them build safer driving habits.
Learn more about Drive Safe & Save Business
What does commercial auto insurance cover?
You can choose from a range of commercial auto insurance options to best fit your business needs including:
Liability coverage
Pays another party's medical expenses, vehicle repairs and property damage if you were at fault for the covered accident
Personal injury/medical payments coverage
Helps pay medical and funeral expenses if an insured person is injured or killed in an accident
Collision coverage
Helps pay to repair or replace a covered vehicle if it’s damaged in a collision with another vehicle, object or a rollover
Comprehensive coverage
Helps pay to repair or replace a covered vehicle if it’s damaged by something other than a collision, including theft, glass claims or hitting an animal
Uninsured & underinsured motorist coverage
Helps pay for medical expenses, pain and suffering, and lost wages. It may also help pay for your property damage when another (at-fault) driver hits you and doesn’t have enough insurance or doesn’t have insurance at all
Employers’ non-owned and hired car coverages
You may also want to consider employers’ non-owned and hired car coverages if your employees use their own vehicles for your business or if vehicles are hired, leased or loaned for short-term business use. Coverages and availability may vary by state.
Learn more about employers' non-owned and hired car coverages
Coverage in action
Let’s say you or your employee has a minor fender-bender while driving a company vehicle for business. A commercial auto insurance policy could help cover the repair costs, medical fees and more.
Loss control services and resources
Many commercial auto losses are preventable. Check out our free resources to help you identify and mitigate some common causes of business and commercial auto losses.
Learn how to lower your risks
Frequently asked questions about commercial auto insurance
The type of vehicle and business use determines which insurance you’ll want to consider.
Commercial vehicles are trucks and utility vehicles used for the delivery or transport of goods and materials or are designed for a specific business purpose. Commercial auto insurance helps protect businesses from major financial losses due to accidents, damage, theft or other incidents involving their commercial vehicles.
Business auto insurance generally refers to insurance coverage for private passenger vehicles used primarily for business-related activities. This can include vehicles owned or leased by a business and used by employees. Business auto insurance may also cover personal vehicles used for business purposes, like a salesperson using their personal car for client visits.
Talk to your local State Farm agent to determine the most suitable coverage for your specific business needs.
Insured parties typically include the business or organization that owns the vehicles and employees or drivers who are authorized to operate the vehicles. Some third parties, such as additional insured, lessors and lienholders, may also be covered. The specific individuals covered may vary depending on the policy terms.
Review your policy documents or ask your local State Farm agent for information about who is insured under your commercial auto insurance policy.
Yes, commercial auto insurance is legally required in most states for businesses that use vehicles as part of their operations. Requirements may vary depending on where the business is located. Generally, businesses must carry a minimum level of liability insurance to protect against any potential damages or injuries caused by their vehicles.
The number of vehicles used by your business, their value, how much they’re driven and your industry will determine what you’ll pay for commercial auto insurance.
Your local State Farm agent can help you create the right coverage plan at the right price for you
These items, and any equipment that is not permanently attached to the vehicle, would typically be covered under a commercial inland marine policy and subject to the deductible carried on that policy.
Talk to your local State Farm agent to help you determine the most suitable coverage for your specific business needs.
Get funds for your business’ future
U.S. Bank® offers business loans through the State Farm and U.S. Bank alliance.
Learn more about Equipment Finance
Learn more about Business Vehicle Quick Loans
Get a local agent who gets you
There’s a State Farm agent nearby ready to offer personalized service to fit your specific needs.
Simple Insights®
Looking for ways to help keep your small business running smoothly? You’ve come to the right place. Articles from Simple Insights draw on over 100 years of State Farm knowledge.
Credit products offered by U.S. Bank National Association and are subject to normal credit approval and program guidelines.
Prices are based on rating plans that may vary by state. Coverage options are selected by the customer, and availability and eligibility may vary.
This is only a general description of coverages of the available types of business insurance and is not a statement of contract. Details of coverage, limits, or services may not be available for all business and vary in some states. All coverages are subject to the terms, provisions, exclusions, and conditions in the policy itself and in any endorsements. Contact a State Farm agent for more information and a customized quote.
State Farm (including State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates) is not responsible for, and does not endorse or approve, either implicitly or explicitly, the content of any third-party sites hyperlinked from this page. State Farm has no discretion to alter, update, or control the content on the hyperlinked, third-party site. Access to third-party sites is at the user's own risk, is being provided for informational purposes only and is not a solicitation to buy or sell any of the products which may be referenced on such third-party sites.
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company State Farm Indemnity Company State Farm Fire and Casualty Company State Farm General Insurance Company State Farm Life Insurance Company (Not licensed in MA, NY or WI) State Farm Life and Accident Assurance Company (Licensed in NY and WI) Bloomington, IL
State Farm County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas State Farm Lloyds Richardson, TX
State Farm Fire and Casualty Company Tallahassee, FL